chore: deploy 1.3.0-rc0 to arbitrum and arbitrumGoerli (#496)
aragon/osx: DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST.md

  - [ ] If the proxies are not verified with the `Similar Match Source Code` feature
    - [ ] Verify one of the proxies
    - [ ] Check if the other proxies are now verified with `Similar Match Source Code`
  - [ ] If it is a `PluginSetup`, check that the implementation is verified.

### Configurations

> - [ ] Check that all managing DAO signers are members of the managing DAO multisig and noone else.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Check that all managing DAO signers are members of the managing DAO multisig and no one else.
```
